Improve gh pages and rendering of Vignettes (#316)
epiforecasts/scoringutils: NEWS.md

# scoringutils 1.2.1

## Package updates
- This minor update fixes a few issues related to gh actions and the vignettes displayed at epiforecasts.io/scoringutils. It

>   - gets rid of the preferably package in _pkgdown.yml which had a light/dark theme that didn't work properly

Author: ```suggestion
  - gets rid of the preferably package in _pkgdown.yml. The theme had a toggle between light and dark theme that didn't work properly
```
